OK, Phillip.
This is your third cup of coffee.
We should get to work, or we won't be finished by dinner time.
I guess we must.
We must.
OK.
Ah.
Mm.
The beginning of my famous Thanksgiving apple pie.
One apple.
Two apples.
Three apples.
Four.
Come on, Phillip.
Get busy with your famous apple pie.
There's much more to be done.
What goes into my apple pie besides apples?
Ah, yes.
Flower.
Sugar.
Butter.
Butter. Nice.
Cold and hard.
OK.
You're the walnuts.
Last but not least, the reason my apple pie is famous?
Cinnamon.
Ellen, where's the cinnamon?
There isn't any cinnamon in the cabinet with the salt and pepper.
It's not a good one.
So, pepper, dillweed, garlic, powder, cinnamon, Ellen.
Yes, Phillip.
Is it possible that we forgot to buy cinnamon?
Yes.
It is possible that we forgot to buy cinnamon.
How can I make my famous apple pie without cinnamon?
Good morning.
Oh, hi, Robbie.
Good morning, Robbie.
Can you do me a favor?
Sure, Dad.
What?
Remember my apple pie on Thanksgiving?
What do you love about it?
The apples?
Oh, the cinnamon.
Right.
We don't have any cinnamon.
I'll go down to Henry's grocery.
He's always open.
I'll get some for you.
That's my boy.
Oh, put your heavy jacket on, Robbie.
It's cold outside.
Alexander might call.
Tell her I'll call her right back.
OK.
Thanks, son.
Why does he always have to slam the apple pie on?
He always has to slam the door.
Hello?
Hello, Alexander.
How are you?
Fine.
Robbie just went to the store.
He'll be back soon when he said he'd call you.
Oh, oh, I see.
Oh, certainly.
What old do you have the phone?
Over there?
Oh, I see.
Please, I know he wants to talk to you.
Thank you.
And happy Thanksgiving to you and your family too.
Try to come by later for dessert.
Bye.
That was Alexandra.
She and the Melinas are going to spend Thanksgiving with their cousins.
She doesn't have the phone number.
Robbie, will be disappointed.
He'll be grouchy.
Or maybe she'll call back.
She promised him.
Here's your cinnamon pop.
It was a dollar and sixty cents.
You forgot to ask me for the change.
Or did you forget to give it to me?
Thanks, son.
Alexandra Carl.
I'll call her back.
She said she'll call you later.
She's not at home.
You should have your breakfast, son.
Like you feel better.
Protein.
Lightens.
She said she'll call back.
Yes, she did.
Good morning, everyone.
Happy turkey day.
What's wrong?
Nothing.
Absolutely nothing.
What's gotten into him?
He missed a phone call.
From my...
Yes, Alexandra.
It's nice to see young love.
Oh, to be young again.
Where's coffee?